Update pixel docs page with new UI changes (#128)
scarf-sh/docs: docs/web-traffic.md

#### Sources

> Pixel-based telemetry will work on standard webpages, rendered markdown documentation on package registry sites like `DockerHub, `npm`, and `PyPi`, and anywhere an image can be embedded, with a notable exception being GitHub. When GitHub renders markdown, it rewrites URLs from their original web address to https://camo.githubusercontent.com/<path>, where GitHub hosts any linked images themselves. This prevents Scarf from providing insights to maintainers, since all that can now be detected at the original web address via the tracking pixel is undifferentiated traffic from GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pixel-based telemetry will work on standard webpages, rendered markdown documentation on package registry sites like `Docker Hub, `npm`, and `PyPi`, and anywhere an image can be embedded, with a notable exception being GitHub. When GitHub renders markdown, it rewrites URLs from their original web address to https://camo.githubusercontent.com/<path>, where GitHub hosts any linked images themselves. This prevents Scarf from providing insights to maintainers, since all that can now be detected at the original web address via the tracking pixel is undifferentiated traffic from GitHub.
```
